Docker first look with openssl, mTLS and agent self registration (#158)
neo4j/docs-ops-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/installation/docker/container.adoc

NOM server in a Docker container can be run in several contexts such as a Docker compose environment or a in a Kubernetes cluster etc.

> In this chapter, we only focus on running a standalone NOM server in a Docker container (Henceforth referred as NOM server container).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This chapter focuses only on running a standalone NOM server in a Docker container (henceforth referred as NOM server container).
```
